Wonseong, why did you kidnap me?
Are you going to break the agreement?
promise
You broke it first.
It's you who made Yingying look like this now
Yes, Yingying wants to pretend to be Mrs. Nangong herself
I have reminded him many times
His situation today
All because of his own vanity
You're talking nonsense if you don't hide your identity
How could Yingying pretend to be
How could it be exposed?
I see.
I know you look down on me
But you know
Because his mother is just a nanny
How much does it cost to become a better person?
You just move your fingers.
Nangong Ye and Qiao Wangfeng
We will strive for everything
All delivered to you
What you call effort
Isn't it just hurting others and replacing others?
You are such a crime against others and yourself
It is also worthy of mentioning the word hard work.
You are less proud
Do you think Nangong Yue really loves you?
Ah, he just took a fancy to your richest man.
It's just a daughter's identity
Why else would I see you humiliated like that?
I have to wait until you restore your identity as a daughter
Dare to recognize you
miss
Don't come here
OK
I will not go
Don't be impulsive
Nangong banquet
Who will transfer the shares to 1,000 immediately?
Song Nian Yi's director has already pressed it, but you are missing.
Didn't you say he was the most important person to you? Gun
Show me the gun